update: add info for the new returnsResultOf contract (#5520)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/compiler/compiler-reference.md

Allows using the `holdsIn` keyword in contracts to assume that a boolean condition is `true` inside a lambda.

#### -Xallow-returns-result-of

> Allows using the `returnsResultOf()` contract to enable the unused return value checker to distinguish between ignorable and meaningful unused results from higher-order functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows using the `returnsResultOf()` contract so that the unused return value checker can distinguish between results that can be ignored and and results that should be used in higher-order functions.
```
To avoid "ignorable".

Author: I like the beginning, but I prefer the ending of the original. the doc already uses the word meaningful result (should be used feels be a bit misleading - it could be a false positive)

> Allows using the `returnsResultOf()` contract so that the unused return value checker can distinguish between results that can be ignored and meaningful results from higher-order functions.

Reviewer: Your suggestion works for me!
